docs: update "ca-" to "co-" files to match style guide (#18466)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/client-data-fetching.md

Because a Gatsby site [hydrates](/docs/glossary#hydration) into a React app after loading statically, Gatsby is not just for static sites. You can also fetch data dynamically on the client-side as needed, like you would with any other React app.

> To illustrate this, you'll walk through a small example site that uses both Gatsby's data layer at build-time and data on the client at run-time. This example is based loosely on Jason Lengstorf's [Gatsby with Apollo](https://github.com/jlengstorf/gatsby-with-apollo) example. You'll be fetching character data for Rick (of Rick and Morty) and a random pupper image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To illustrate this, check out a small example site that uses both Gatsby's data layer at build-time and data on the client at run-time. This example is based loosely on Jason Lengstorf's [Gatsby with Apollo](https://github.com/jlengstorf/gatsby-with-apollo) example, and will fetch character data for Rick (of Rick and Morty) and a random pupper image.
```
